The ability to have near instant augmented implementation, whether through the smartphone's screen, or through some sort of external lenses can have multiple benefits and multiple downsides. These downsides and upsides are pretty significant that it may cause either danger to the user, confusion/bad layout, lag, or other inconveniences for the user.

<br><br>As seen in the example images I have taken with the Chinese text; it can be seen that however a lot of the text is translated, many of the words do not translate into context (so such as Chinese idioms not making sense in pure English translation). Additionally, many of the words displayed immediately through augmentation are placed in the image in sometimes ridiculous areas. Such examples when the words in Chinese are a lot smaller than the words in English, so when English text is shown, it overlaps all other texts on the right. Another example is when the text is read downwards (Chinese characters), the English text is displayed sideways going downwards.

<br><br>The advantages of having the augmented reality in translating in real time is that it’s extremely flexible. I am pleasantly surprised by the capability of the app to translate almost any font and layout whilst keep the appearance nearly the same most the time. Although the translations aren’t all on point half the time, it does give the user an immediate evaluation on what the words really mean.

<br><br>Currently, I can say there are more downsides than upsides, and it’s tough. The current approach to AR (augmented reality), will lead to accidents, or simply, will not be something people want.

<br><br>I propose that there should be a universal system of supplying AR. Similar to many labels on rooms or items have “Braille” which is for the sight impaired people to “read”. However instead have a code similar to QR codes, that when the app see it next to the thing that wants to be shown, such as text or an ad, will display a popup/3d display of the thing in question. It can also be coded to provide verbal speech or a video animation of the thing in question which makes it more standardized, rather than having the app to try to convert text/things on the fly (which has high room for error).
